
Qoan release plan- and features which are planned

release-version:
    which happens to be the current version and will be released when the simulations
run and the results can be represented on screen. which means, there will be a few additional
decorator classes which will be displaying plots and charts, the networks, etc.

this is in fact the release which will be corresponding the homework assignment, "how fair are the
markets?" and is therefore supposed to be ending with the release of the article as well.

pre-stann version:
    here the following two homework assignments "everyone we know" and "machine-translation" will
be addressed. in order to do "everyone we know" assignment, network queries to dbpedia and to internet
molecule-databases will be implemented. those results will be integrated to the system, so that dbpedia
queries can result with wikipedia-articles which are already stored in the system etc.

integration of remote-search results to local classes will mean, there will have to be a chemical
compound representation in the system, a serializable compound-object, which will also be connected to
chemical reaction-networks. this will indeed be the point where the chemical reaction-netowrks will be
introuced to the system.

the rest of the pre-stann release will be concerned with upgrading lucene to latest version and using
queries to create the semantic-networks, in two different variations, obviously. in addition to that, i
would also like to see integration of search- and indexing-services for pdf-file directories.

stann-version:
    this is the point where the parsers for maths-equations and all that will be coming in. indeed two
 different parsers will be required- they are already in the code, which just means, those will be completed
 to parse mathematical equations from pdf-files and wiki-articles.

 the overall idea being, by reading and interpreting the data in a given set of scientific-articles a
 chemical reaction-network is to be created and trained to make molecular dynamical simulations of certain
 compounds... a reaction-network. the basis for the work will be taken from mainly the latest article i have
 found on the topic and the homework assignment corresponding is called "md-simulations of bacterial
 ribosome performed by self-learning system".

 in order to do that, i will have to be able to parse the mathematical expressions in their grammatical
 ast-tress, as well as their procedural definitions. the base ast-tree classes used in the project are based
 on antimirov-calculus application of pattern-matching and proving, which will be used as basis for a
 re-writing rule engine which will be used to simulate the specialized networks which are represented by these
 ast-trees and executed by them as well.

 upon completion of stann-version of Qoan, all of the four homework assignments will have been adressed. all
 of the homework assignments are selected to make use of a different things, represented in mathematical
 network formalism and usage of the formalism.

 there would be many more neural-network applications which could be added upon the existing. image
 and voice recognition modules would really be the first thing to begin with... for instance, as we are sure
 combining those with other networks already present in the overall system, would lead to very interesting
 applications.

 although those additions and extensions can be easily added to the system, the focus will indeed be laid
 in integrating recurrent neural-networks into the system and attempting to make use of them in mapping
 sequences to their corresponding network representations.